hello everyone today I'm going to show
you this tutorial on how to get a nice
shellac they´d using the additives so to
start off I'm gonna apply a nice thin
coat of the base coat I'm going to make
sure to coat every part of my nail and
be sure to make it thin and seal off the
outer edge
I'm gonna go ahead and apply this to all
of my nails be making sure to get a nice
coat on all of them and I will follow
this up by taking my cuticle pusher and
removing any polish that I got onto my
skin this is a good way to get it off
and right after all did that I'm gonna
have this in the machine for 10 seconds
using the color blackpool I'm going to
apply this to all of my nails in a very
thin coat if you do too thick of a coat
it just doesn't turn out to be the same
so yes it's kind of sheer but after the
second coat it's gonna look pretty
amazing and this is a pretty nice and
solid black color I'm gonna go ahead and
apply that to all my nails be sure to
seal off the outer edge on all of them
this will go into the machine for two
minutes after I am done removing any of
the shellac that got onto my skin
applying the second coat you can see how
opaque the color becomes it gives a
really nice coverage and it's not too
thick when you have your shall I've done
and it's too thick it will start peeling
usually at the edges and it just kind of
feels really thick so you want to make
sure you get a nice and thin coat on all
your nails
so here's the shellac after the two
coats of Blackpool now we're gonna start
playing with some additives I was gonna
combine both of them but in the rest of
the video I decided to just go with the
violet pearl that's the one on the right
you can see how nice of a shimmer and
pigment it is now the spatula came in a
set that I got for the limited edition
spring set but I'm gonna go ahead and
just scoop some of that out and using
one of my nail art brushes that I
ordered on ebay I'm going to apply this
to the cuticle area and spread it down
towards the edge of my nail now you want
to make sure to be really light and
handed on this the first time I was
doing powders or pigments additives all
of that I kind of really screwed up
because in all of the instructional
videos they don't tell you how light of
a hand you should have they keep telling
you to really you know burnish it into
the nail but that does tend to make it
sticky and kind of pulls on some of the
color coats so you want to be really
light with it because that works even
better in my opinion so I'm gonna go
ahead and just apply that once you have
it on there then it's a good idea to
kind of use a little bit more of a
firmer push and blend it in there I'm
gonna apply this to all the nails and do
some touch-ups on the ones that I feel
need a little bit more
just by the cuticles I'm gonna get some
more in there and all the nails and this
is what it looks like before putting on
top coat on there it's got that powdery
finish to it and the top coat is the
thing that brings out the color in this
and I just love how amazing it looks how
effortless it is and how beautifully
plays with the colors I got a lot of
compliments on these needles
an extremely important part of your good
shellac manicure is sealing off the
edges and the whole nail after you have
applied the additives the additives are
powdery so when you remove the
inhibition layer it's going to take off
any of the pigments that you applied if
you did not coat it well with the
topcoat and then the topcoat goes in the
machine for two minutes after I did that
I'm going to just take a cotton pad and
91% isopropyl alcohol rubbing alcohol
they do prefer that you do 99% but those
are kind of hard to come across
sometimes so I'm just gonna use ninety
one and go ahead and remove the
inhibition layer and here is the final
look I hope you guys enjoyed this video
thank you for watching bye bye